README.md, before:

![Logo of the project](./images/logo.sample.png)

# Name of the project
> Additional information or tag line

A brief description of your project, what it is used for.

## Installing / Getting started

A quick introduction of the minimal setup you need to get a hello world up &
running.

```shell
commands here
```

Here you should say what actually happens when you execute the code above.

## Developing

### Built With
List main libraries, frameworks used including versions (React, Angular etc...)

react
redux
react-redux
material-ui
react-snap
react-tooltip

### Prerequisites
What is needed to set up the dev environment. For instance, global dependencies or any other tools. include download links.


### Setting up Dev

Here's a brief intro about what a developer must do in order to start developing
the project further:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/your/your-project.git
cd your-project/
yarn install
yarn run dev
```

And state what happens step-by-step. If there is any virtual environment, local server or database feeder needed, explain here.

### Building

If your project needs some additional steps for the developer to build the
project after some code changes, state them here. for example:

```shell
yarn run build
yarn run start
```

Here again you should state what actually happens when the code above gets
executed.

### Deploying / Publishing
give instructions on how to build and release a new version
In case there's some step you have to take that publishes this project to a
server, this is the right time to state it.

```shell
packagemanager deploy your-project -s server.com -u username -p password
```

And again you'd need to tell what the previous code actually does.

## Versioning

We can maybe use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [link to tags on this repository](/tags).


## Configuration

Here you should write what are all of the configurations a user can enter when
using the project.

## Tests

Describe and show how to run the tests with code examples.
Explain what these tests test and why.

```shell
Give an example
```

## Style guide

Explain your code style and show how to check it.

## Api Reference

If the api is external, link to api documentation. If not describe your api including authentication methods as well as explaining all the endpoints with their required parameters.


## Database

Explaining what database (and version) has been used. Provide download links.
Documents your database design and schemas, relations etc... 

## Licensing

State what the license is and how to find the text version of the license.

Commit message:

added react-snap as dep

README.md, after:

![Logo of the project](./images/logo.sample.png)

# Name of the project
> Additional information or tag line

A brief description of your project, what it is used for.

## Installing / Getting started

A quick introduction of the minimal setup you need to get a hello world up &
running.

```shell
commands here
```

Here you should say what actually happens when you execute the code above.

## Developing

### Built With
List main libraries, frameworks used including versions (React, Angular etc...)

react
redux
react-redux
material-ui
react-snap
react-tooltip

### Prerequisites
What is needed to set up the dev environment. For instance, global dependencies or any other tools. include download links.


### Setting up Dev

Here's a brief intro about what a developer must do in order to start developing
the project further:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/your/your-project.git
cd your-project/
yarn install
yarn run dev
```

And state what happens step-by-step. If there is any virtual environment, local server or database feeder needed, explain here.

### Building

If your project needs some additional steps for the developer to build the
project after some code changes, state them here. for example:

```shell
yarn run build
yarn run start
```

Here again you should state what actually happens when the code above gets
executed.

### Deploying / Publishing
Deploying to netlify make sure react-snap is installed on the server side

```shell
npm install react-snap --save
```

And again you'd need to tell what the previous code actually does.

## Versioning

We can maybe use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [link to tags on this repository](/tags).


## Configuration

Here you should write what are all of the configurations a user can enter when
using the project.

## Tests

Describe and show how to run the tests with code examples.
Explain what these tests test and why.

```shell
Give an example
```

## Style guide

Explain your code style and show how to check it.

## Api Reference

If the api is external, link to api documentation. If not describe your api including authentication methods as well as explaining all the endpoints with their required parameters.


## Database

Explaining what database (and version) has been used. Provide download links.
Documents your database design and schemas, relations etc... 

## Licensing

State what the license is and how to find the text version of the license.
